what's up YouTube used by Von Doom not
doing a beer review right now and
actually just shown you my motorcycle
this is what I spent my tax return on
well partially I've got decent deals
only on her bucks had put new tires and
stuff which I don't have on yet but I'll
be doing that tonight new tires new fork
sales of just change the oil the oil is
in it was blacker than say Guiness so
probably after tax title everything got
maybe a thousand eleven hundred dollars
into it
not bad runs decent chatters off off
start like I almost sounds like the
timing chain but what I think it is it's
common on these bikes is a the starter
clutch goes bad the springs and they
were chatter and rattle at low rpms
because once you tag it up it's fine
runs real cold likes running on choke I
was looking at it today I just changed
the oil and proved you sooner these two
side of the car boots are almost all the
way off so I think I'm sucking in there
I loosen those up and move cars or take
them back down hopefully that helps
Annabelle's sleeping right now while
moms at the store so I don't want to
wake her I'll by starting it up and
trying it but well guess we'll find out
put new brake fluid in it's those nasty
little corrosion and gross this on here
whatever yeah decently clean Chrome's
not perfect but it's not too bad not
that I really care about chrome anyways
there's all oxidization on the aluminum
just wipe some it off nothing to worry
about polish right now I'm just gonna
ride the thing don't you like to go into
four into one pipes maybe a little bit
of lower profile seat took the giant
eighties handlebars off and put a little
pair of rent balls I took the crossbars
off a lot better riding position but
bars are cramped now with the 1980s
electronics
I plan on swapping all this out I want
to go to a KTM style and arrow from
master cylinder it's a lot smaller plus
it has still has a brake switch that'll
save me some room huh yeah wife just
came home yeah sure she's happy I just
did that yeah after all overall not a
bad bike 82 it's one year newer than I
am I was born in 81 my dad had the
spectro version of this after I was
first born which was shaft drive this is
the e which is chain drive but yeah it's
pretty much it maybe I'll take a video
of her running later on like I said
Annabelle sleeping I wanna wake her up
but it's fair I show you guys what my
other hobby is besides drinking overly
priced beer thanks for watching bye